Question #1 (1pt)
What is the test basis?
a. The point during software development when testing should start
b. The body of knowledge used for test analysis and design
c. The source to determine the actual results from a set of tests
d. The method used to systematically devise test conditions

B B is correct. Per the glossary, the test basis is “a
source to determine expected results to compare
with the actual result of the system under test”. A
is not correct because this is usually defined as
the moment of involvement for testing. C is not
correct because this is the test oracle. D is not
correct because the test basis is not a method.

Question #2 (1 pt)
When the tester verifies the test basis while designing tests early in the lifecycle, which common test
objective is being achieved?
a. Gaining confidence
b. Finding defects
c. Preventing defects
d. Providing information for decision making

Keyword 1
2 C C is correct per the syllabus. The other three are
achieved primarily by doing dynamic testing. This
is a bit tricky because you are very likely to find
defects while doing this analysis and this may
lead to either gaining or destroying confidence
and needing to supply information to the decision
makers. However, the wording of the question
matches the wording in the syllabus that defines
preventing defects.

Question #3 (1 pt)
When following the fundamental test process, when should the test control activity take place?
a. During the planning activities
b. During the implementation and execution activities
c. During the monitoring activities
d. During all the activities


3 D D is correct. Control occurs throughout the
project to ensure that it is staying on track based
on the plan and to take any corrective steps that
may be necessary. The monitoring information is
used to determine if control actions are needed.

Question #4 (1 pt)
Which of the following is a correct statement?
a. A developer makes a mistake which causes a defect that may be seen as a failure during
dynamic testing
b. A developer makes an error which results in a failure that may be seen as a fault when the
software is executed
c. A developer has introduced a failure which results in a defect that may be seen as a mistake
during dynamic testing
d. A developer makes a mistake which causes a bug that may be seen as a defect when the
software is executed


4 A A is correct. The developer makes a
mistake/error which causes a defect/fault/bug
which may cause a failure when the code is
dynamically tested or executed. B is incorrect
because fault and failure are reversed. C is
incorrect because failure and mistake are
reversed. D is incorrect because it’s a failure
that’s seen during execution, not the defect itself.
The failure is a symptom of the defect.
